(1) 	CFC Representations. 

Immediately after the closing of Investor’s investment in the Company (the “Investment”), one or both of the following will be true (i) the Company will not be, or own an interest in, a “Controlled Foreign Corporation” (“CFC”) as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any successor thereto) (the “Code”) or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, Investor will not directly, indirectly or constructively own 10% or more of the total value or voting power of all shares of any CFC as a result of its investment into the Company (a significant “U.S. Shareholder” as defined in the Code). 
If following the Investment (i) the Company becomes a CFC when it was not a CFC immediately following the Investment, (ii) the Company acquires an interest in a CFC when it did not own any interest in a CFC immediately following the investment , (iii) Investor becomes a significant U.S. Shareholder in a CFC as a result of its investment into the company when it was not a U.S. Shareholder immediately following the Investment , or (iv) Investor communicates to Company in writing a reasonable basis for believing Company has become a CFC when it wasn’t a CFC immediately following the Investment, Company agrees to provide to Investor no later than 60 days following the end of each taxable year: 
A report from the Company’s tax advisors detailing whether any portion of the Company’s income is “subpart F income” (as defined in Section 952 of the Code) (“Subpart F Income”) and a report regarding the Company’s status as a CFC and/or ownership of interests in any CFC; and
The Company’s capitalization table as of the end of the last day of each taxable year, as well as access to such other Company information as may be necessary for the Investor to determine the Company’s status as a CFC and to determine whether the Investor or any of Investor’s Partners is required to report its pro rata portion of the Company’s Subpart F Income on its United States federal income tax return, or to allow the Investor or the Investor’s Partners to otherwise comply with applicable United States federal income tax laws. The term “Investor’s Partners” shall mean each of the Investor’s partners and any direct or indirect equity owners of such partners. The “Company” shall mean the Company and any of its subsidiaries.
Upon (i) a liquidity event whereby the Investor has liquidated all or part of its investment in the Company (ii) a tax audit of an Investor Partner in which Company’s status as a CFC is in question, Company agrees to provide Investor with written confirmation regarding Company’s status as a non-CFC for each year in which Investor held its investment in the Company.
